NXDRIVE-374: [GNU/Linux] Use file system decorations (#1445)
nuxeo/nuxeo-drive: docs/icon_overlay.md

## GNU/Linux

Verify that the command is installed:
```shell
command -v gio
```

Create custom emblems:

1. Create a 24px * 24px icon.
2. The icon must be named `emblem-NAME.svg` (PNG also works).
3. Copy the icon to the appropriate folder:
```shell
cp /path/to/emblem-NAME.svg $HOME/.local/share/icons
```

Attribute emblem to folder/file:
```shell

> gio set -t stringv /full/path metadata::emblems emblem-NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gio set -t stringv FILE metadata::emblems emblem-NAME
```

```

Verification:
```shell

> gio info /path/to/folder/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gio info FILE
```

```

> `metadata::emblems` attribute should be equal to : `[emblem-NAME]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`metadata::emblems` attribute should be equal to: `[emblem-NAME]`
```

> *Not up-to-date*

Reviewer: To remove :)

> ### Using gio

Reviewer: Same here.

Verify that the command is installed:

>     command -v gio

Reviewer: Suround the code like that:
```
\`\`\`shell
CODE
\`\`\`
```
(without backslashes)

Create custom emblems:

1. Create a 24px * 24px icon.

> 2. Icon MUST be named emblem-XXXX.XXX (svg/png).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The iccon must be named `emblem-NAME.svg` (PNG also works).
```

> 3. Execute the following command: `cp /path/to/icon/emblem-XXXX.XXX /home/romain/.local/share/icons`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy the icon to the appropriate folder:
```shell
cp /path/to/icon/emblem-NME.svg $HOME/.local/share/icons
```
```

Attribute emblem to folder/file:

>     `gio set -t stringv /path/to/folder/ metadata::emblems emblem-XXXX`

Reviewer: Same ere, suround the code with appropriate formatting.

Also:
```suggestion
    `gio set -t stringv /full/path metadata::emblems emblem-XXXX`
```

Verification:

       gio info /path/to/folder/
`metadata::emblems` attribute should be equal to : `[emblem-XXXX]`

> ### Nautilus

Reviewer: Remove the whole Nautilus section.
